# Android Base Extension
This project will generate Defold base extensions for various Android libraries. A base extension contains the jar files, resources, Android manifest stubs and the ProGuard files (basically the content of an .aar file) packaged into a Defold library project that can be included as a Defold project dependency.

The base extensions are generated by a custom script, `pompom.py`, which parses and downloads Maven POM files including dependencies.

This project contains one bash file per type of base extension. There is currently bash files to generate the following base extensions:

* Android X
* Support-v4
* Support-v7
* Google Play Services Base
* Google Play Services Games
* Google Play Services Ads
* Firebase Core 
* Firebase Push (Firebase Messaging)
* Facebook

The generated base extensions are available as zip files from the [release page](https://github.com/defold/android-base-extensions/releases).

## pompom
This script will process Maven POM files for use in Defold Native Extensions. The script has two purposes:

1. Given one or more POM files it will generate a list of dependencies, including transitive dependencies.
2. Given a list of dependencies it will download each of them and in the case of AAR files also unpack and compile resources and merge manifest stubs

### Requirements
You need the following tools:

* Android Build Tools (specifically aapt to generate R.java)
* Java (to compile generated R.java)

### Usage
Refer to any of the bash script in the root of the project. There are scripts to generate the needed files for Google Play Services, Google Play Game Services, Facebook and more.

### Notes
Manifest merging is done using a standalone version of the Android Manifest Merger tool:

* https://github.com/Bresiu/android-manifest-merger

### Useful links
* https://mvnrepository.com/
